
BE SURE TO READ THE MANUAL. EVEN THOUGH IT MAY BE OUTDATED.

This is a brief readme file for the netperf4 TCP/UDP/sockets/etc
performance benchmark. This is here mostly as a boot-strap. The real
information is in the manual, which can be found in doc/ in the
directory where you are finding this readme file. The sources should
be (mostly) in src/

Of course, as of this writing, the manual in doc/ is actually for
netperf2... :( So, all that "BE SURE TO READ THE MANUAL" business is
pretty much bunk for now.

BE SURE TO READ THE MANUAL. EVEN THOUGH IT MAY BE OUTDATED.

Pointers:

The netperf4 benchmark depends on libxml2.  You must have libxml2 and
its development environment installed prior to building netperf4.


There is a COPYRIGHT file included.  It is called COPYING because that
is what autosomethingorother wanted.   Netperf4 is covered by version
2 of the GNU Public License with an exception granted to link netperf4
with OpenSSL.  If there are other useful libraries with issues similar
to OpenSSL (whatever they may be, the HP Legal Eagles said I needed an
exception for OpenSSL...) it is likely an exception will be added for
them as well.

Feel free to report results in public forums, but please be
excruciatingly complete in your description of the test environment.
At some point it is hoped there will be a public netperf4 database to
which people can submit results.

There is an Internet mailing list devoted to netperf. Both netperf4
and netperf2 (ie the original netperf) are discussed there. It is
called netperf-talk and it is hosted on netperf.org. Subscription
requests are handled via

http://www.netperf.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/netperf-talk

Please DO NOT SEND subscription requests to netperf-talk!  Your
message will be rejected because only subscribers can send email to
netperf-talk@netperf.org.  It may seem a bit draconian, but is done to
minimize spam on the mailing list.

If you run into severe difficulties, or are just feeling chatty,
please feel free to drop some email to me - Rick Jones
<rick.jones2@hp.com>. Be sure to include a meaningful subject lines
and as much context (including cutting and pasting actual error
messages) as you can.

happy benchmarking, 
rick jones

BE SURE TO READ THE MANUAL. EVEN THOUGH IT MAY BE OUTDATED.
